
# Post-Install

## Change the header style of the panels

- Go to Tool -> Options ....
- Click on Docking/AnchorDocking item on the left side and set a Header Style.
- Hit the Apply button to see how the Header Style looks on the IDE.
- Hit the OK button to save the settings.

## Prevent the caret from moving past end of line
  
- Go to Tools -> Options ... -> Editor (left hand side)
- Uncheck Allow caret to move past the end of line.

## Show hint and completion boxes sooner

- Go to Tools -> Options ... -> Editor (left hand side)
- Set shorter values for
  - Delay for Delay for completion box
  - Delay for hints.

## Format code

- Hit Ctrl+D on the code window.
- Setup a debugger in Lazarus

## Run-with-debugger
  
Citing from <https://wiki.lazarus.freepascal.org/DWARF>

For GDB "DWARFv2 with sets" is the best option. Testing shows that, if using
other (v3 and up) DWARF (as generated by FPC) then GDB is more likely to crash.

## Debugger may not be able to distinguish between PChar and AnsiString

All identifiers (e.g. field-names) returned by the debugger are upper-cased ... other diffs DWARF 2 (the one without "with sets") does not display sets "type TMySet = set of (v1,v2,v3)" correctly.

## Compile and run

You have choices. Pick one.

- Use F9 to compile (as necessary) and run with the debugger. The debugger
  notifies of any exceptions in a pop-up.
- Use Shift+Ctrl+F9 to compile (as necessary) and run without the debugger.
- Use Ctrl+F9 if you'd like to compile without running it in the IDE. You will
  run the executable manually via a CLI.
